What kind of data does pandas handle?
1.I want to start using pandas
2.I want to store passenger data of the Titanic. For a number of passengers, I know the name (characters), age (integers) and sex (male/female) data.
3.I’m just interested in working with the data in the column Age
4.I want to know the maximum Age of the passengers
5.I’m interested in some basic statistics of the numerical data of my data table

How do I read and write tabular data?      titanic.csv
1.I want to analyze the Titanic passenger data, available as a CSV file.
2.I want to see the first 8 rows of a pandas DataFrame.
3.My colleague requested the Titanic data as a spreadsheet.
4.I’m interested in a technical summary of a DataFrame


How do I select a subset of a DataFrame?     titanic.csv
1.I’m interested in the age of the Titanic passengers.
2.I’m interested in the age and sex of the Titanic passengers.
3.I’m interested in the passengers older than 35 years.
4.I’m interested in the Titanic passengers from cabin class 2 and 3.
5.I want to work with passenger data for which the age is known.
6.I’m interested in the names of the passengers older than 35 years.
7.I’m interested in rows 10 till 25 and columns 3 to 5.

How do I create plots in pandas?    air_quality_no2.csv
1.I want a quick visual check of the data.
2.I want to plot only the columns of the data table with the data from Paris.
3.I want to visually compare the NO_2 values measured in London versus Paris.
4.I want each of the columns in a separate subplot.
5.I want to further customize, extend or save the resulting plot.

How to create new columns derived from existing columns        air_quality_no2.csv
1.I want to express the NO_2 concentration of the station in London in mg/m3
2.I want to check the ratio of the values in Paris versus Antwerp and save the result in a new column.
3.I want to rename the data columns to the corresponding station identifiers used by OpenAQ.

How to calculate summary statistics    titanic.csv
1.What is the average age of the Titanic passengers?
2.What is the median age and ticket fare price of the Titanic passengers?
3.What is the average age for male versus female Titanic passengers?
4.What is the mean ticket fare price for each of the sex and cabin class combinations?
5.What is the number of passengers in each of the cabin classes?

How to reshape the layout of tables     titanic.csv  ,    air_quality_long.csv
1.I want to sort the Titanic data according to the age of the passengers.
2.I want to sort the Titanic data according to the cabin class and age in descending order.
3.I want the values for the three stations as separate columns next to each other.
4.I want the mean concentrations for NO_2 and PM_2.5 in each of the stations in table form.
5.I want to collect all air quality NO_2 measurements in a single column (long format).

How to combine data from multiple tables           air_quality_no2_long.csv , air_quality_pm25_long.csv , air_quality_stations.csv  , air_quality_parameters.csv
1.I want to combine the measurements of NO_2 and PM_25, two tables with a similar structure, in a single table.
2.Add the station coordinates, provided by the stations metadata table, to the corresponding rows in the measurements table.
3.Add the parameters’ full description and name, provided by the parameters metadata table, to the measurements table.

How to handle time series data with ease            air_quality_parameters.csv , air_quality_stations.csv , data/air_quality_pm25_long.csv , air_quality_no2_long.csv
1.I want to work with the dates in the column datetime as datetime objects instead of plain text
2.I want to add a new column to the DataFrame containing only the month of the measurement
3.What is the average NO_2 concentration for each day of the week for each of the measurement locations?
4.Plot the typical NO_2 pattern during the day of our time series of all stations together. In other words, what is the average value for each hour of the day?
5.Create a plot of the NO_2 values in the different stations from the 20th of May till the end of 21st of May
6.Aggregate the current hourly time series values to the monthly maximum value in each of the stations.
7.Make a plot of the daily mean NO_2 value in each of the stations.

How to manipulate textual data
1.Make all name characters lowercase.
2.Create a new column Surname that contains the surname of the passengers by extracting the part before the comma.
3.Extract the passenger data about the countesses on board of the Titanic.
4.Which passenger of the Titanic has the longest name?
5.In the “Sex” column, replace values of “male” by “M” and values of “female” by “F”.